# Occulation_dp
From the given Video, Detect the Human and find the Occlusion factor of the Sea using Deep Learning algorithm in C++ from scratch. Represent the Occlusion factor in percentage and plot graphs. Interpret the obtained results.

Dense Optical flow computes the optical flow vector for every pixel of the frame which may be responsible for its slow speed but leading to a better accurate result. It can be used for detecting motion in the videos, video segmentation, learning structure from motion. There can be various kinds of implementations of dense optical flow. The example below will follow the Farneback method along with OpenCV.

Ambient occlusion is very promising for terrain visualisation, as well; a couple of scientific publications on the topic are listed below. The simplest and the most widely used approach assumes a homogenous distribution of light sources from all possible directions, as under a blanket of fog. In this case, the amount of the incident light is directly related to the portion of the visible radiant surface. This metric is called terrain openness and is expressed as the ratio of the sphere around each terrain point that is not occupied by the terrain itself. Note that we need to specify the radius of the sphere, and that the result will vary according to the reach of this radius. Sky-view factor is a variant of this method where we consider only the hemisphere above each point, hence the sky view. This approach has proven to provide a more intuitive output than openness, and is widely used.
